Robert: “Oh my gosh, Oh my GOSH! What just happened !? Where am I !?
Unknown Man: “HELLO!”
Robert: “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!”
Unknown Man: “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!”
Robert: “WHAT...What... WHO? WHO ARE YOU?”
Unknown Man: “Jumpin Jehosaphat boy, please don’t scare me like that again. My old heart can’t take it.”
Robert: “Scare YOU. You’re the one who just popped out of nowhere”
Unknown Man: “Oh? Well, I guess I did try to introduce myself a bit suddenly. I always thought of myself as quite humble though....”
Robert: “ What? Who in the world are you”
Unknown Man: “Yes OF COURSE. Finally, Introduction. My name is Erwin Schrodinger.”
Robert: “....... like the physicist”
Schrodinger: “The one and the same”
Robert: “.....What do you mean by, ‘The one and the same’?”
Schrodinger: “I’m Erwin Schrodinger, the Physicist.”
Robert: “No you’re not.”
Schrodinger: “Yes, I am”
Robert: “No, You’re not”
Schrodinger: “My name is Erwin Schrodinger and I am a physicist. So I am afraid that statement is quite false.”
Robert: “Wait. So you are THE Erwin Schrodinger. The famous physicist. The “dead and alive cat experiment” Schrodinger.
Schrodinger: “Yes. I am that Schrodinger. Although, I ask that you please not call me, “dead and alive cat” Schrodinger....”
Robert: “Ummmm... yah, of course. Sorry.... But how? How is it possible that you are Erwin Schrodinger? Why are you here? Why am I here?
Schrodinger: “One question at a time boy. All will be revealed soon enough. Please follow me.”
Schrodinger: “I guess there’s no easy way to say this so I’ll just come right out and say it.... I’m the one who brought you here...”
Robert : “WHAT!!!? Why!? Why would you do that.”
Schrodinger: “I needed help! Something horrible happened, and I have been trying to fix it... but I am getting old, my mind is slowly going....”
Robert: “What in the world are you talking about?! What problem?!
Schrodinger: “It all happened quite a long time ago... I was a prominent physicist. Doing my studies, research, reaching new heights.”
Schrodinger: “But then it happened....”
Robert: “What? What happened?”
Schrodinger: “The ideas of ‘quantum’ physics began to arise’... I was abhorrent to the idea. It seemed so outlandish! So... I did something I would come to regret for the rest of my life.”
Schrodinger: “I performed an experiment... one to insult the theories of quantum mechanics. I put a cat in a box with a flask of poison and radioactive source.”
Schrodinger: “If any amount of radiation were detected (a single atom decaying), the poison would be released and the cat would die.”
Schrodinger: “According to the principles of Quantum Mechanics, namely Copenhagens Principle, the cat should be alive and dead at the same time.”
Robert: “Yah, everyone who knows anything about physics knows of schrodinger’s cat, it famous.”
Schrodinger: “No you don’t understand!”
Robert: “What?”
Schrodinger: “The experiment created a paradox, the cat was in a state, both alive and dead....This had horrible consequences. It gave the cat almost God-like powers. A gift of omnipotence.”
Schrodinger: “In a vengeful rage, it thrusted me and my entire lab into an alternate dimension. The one you are in now..... I’ve been here for years  trying to research a way to get back to our world.”
Schrodinger: “But the cat stops me at every turn.... I’m getting older, I can’t think the way I used to.”
Schrodinger : “The cat may of been able to stop me from escaping, but it didnt expect me to bring someone here, so that’s what I did. I brought you here to help me defeat the cat.”
Robert: “And how exactly am I supposed to that?”
Schrodinger: “You’re an anomaly. You are drawn to quantum disturbances. You were at the exact place, at the exact time. That’s exactly what I was looking for... and I found it... well.. you”
Robert: “I’m having trouble following you.”
Schrodinger: “Let me see... how can I put this more simply... Some things in the world are universal facts. They exist because they exist.”
Schrodinger: “They exist because they exist. They are as much a part of this universe as matter, gravity, atoms, etc. etc. You, young man, are a universal fact. Because of this, the cat has trouble manipulating you.”
Robert: “What does that even mean?”
Schrodinger: “It means that you are....by the way what’s your name?
Robert: “Uhhhh Robert...”
Schrodinger: “Yes, well, it means Robert, that you are the only one who can save this world, and every other world the cat will endanger.”
Robert: “Listen.... that was a pretty interesting story. But do you really expect me to believe that? I mean a God-Cat. *haha*. Do you know how silly that sounds...”
Schrodinger: “Oh no! It must of finally figured out what I’ve done, Hurry you must leave! It’s come here for you! Here Take this!”
Robert: “What? ITS REAL?!!? What do I do?!”
Schrodinger: “GET INTO THE BOX, THE ONE TO THE LEFT!!!!”
Robert : WHAT’S THAT SUPPOSED TO DO?!
Schrodinger: “No time to explain, just do it! And Take this!”
Robert got S RADIO



